More docs clarification for script authenticator (#20444)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/server_development/topics/providers.adoc

`realm`::
the `RealmModel`
`user`::

> the current `UserModel`. Note that `user` is available just when your script authenticator is configured in the authentication flow in a way, that it is triggered after
> other authenticator, which already successfully established user identity and did set user into the authentication session.
> `session`::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the current `UserModel`. Note that `user` is available when your script authenticator is configured in the authentication flow in a way that is triggered after
another authenticator succeeded in establishing user identity and set the user into the authentication session.
`session`::
```

}
----

===== Where to add script authenticator

> One of the possible use of script authenticator is to do some checks at the end of the authentication. Note that if you want
> your script authenticator to be always triggered (even for instance during SSO re-authentication with the identity cookie), it may be needed to add it as REQUIRED at the end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A possible use of script authenticator is to do some checks at the end of the authentication. Note that if you want
your script authenticator to be always triggered (even for instance during SSO re-authentication with the identity cookie), you may need to add it as REQUIRED at the end
```

> of the authentication flow and encapsulate the existing authenticators into separate REQUIRED authenticator. This is due the REQUIRED and ALTERNATIVE executions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the authentication flow and encapsulate the existing authenticators into a separate REQUIRED authenticator. This need is because the REQUIRED and ALTERNATIVE executions
```
